# CS-305
Briefly summarize your client, Artemis Financial, and its software requirements. Who was the client? What issue did the company want you to address? The client was Artemis Financial.Their issue was with their software security, needing assistance to address vulnerabilities in their system. 
What did you do well when you found your client’s software security vulnerabilities? Why is it important to code securely? What value does software security add to a company’s overall well-being?I was not able to do well on this because I have a hard time using Eclipse. Coding securely ensures sensitive data will be protected from unauthorized access and potential breaches. Software security adds customer trusts, being able to avoid potential financial losses due to breaches, and maintaining a good reputation.
Which part of the vulnerability assessment was challenging or helpful to you? All of it was challenging.
How did you increase layers of security? In the future, what would you use to assess vulnerabilities and decide which mitigation techniques to use? I wasn't able to, but I would have implemented multi-factor authorization, encrypted sensitive data and added a firewall.
How did you make certain the code and software application were functional and secure? After refactoring the code, how did you check to see whether you introduced new vulnerabilities?I couldn't do it on Eclipse, but would have done testing and code reviews.I would have done static testing after refactoring the code.
What resources, tools, or coding practices did you use that might be helpful in future assignments or tasks?
Employers sometimes ask for examples of work that you have successfully completed to show your skills, knowledge, and experience. What might you show future employers from this assignment?Nothing.
